Adding alerting upgrade known issue for 8.3.0 and 8.3.1 (#135604)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Review the following information about the {kib} 8.3.1 release.

[float]
[[known-issues-8.3.1]]
=== Known issues

Alerting users who are running 8.2 should not upgrade to either 8.3.0 or 8.3.1. Both 8.3.0 and 8.3.1 have a bug where alerting rules that were created or edited in 8.2 will stop running on upgrade. If you have upgraded to 8.3.0 or 8.3.1 and your alerting rules have stopped running

> and are erroring out with an error similar to the following, you will need to use the *Update API key* operation in <<create-and-manage-rules,*Rules and Connectors Management*>> to restore the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and are erroring out with an error similar to the following, you will need to use the *Update API key* operation in *{stack-manage-app}* > <<create-and-manage-rules,*{rules-ui}*>> to restore the 
```
